Brian very hard walkthrough for space
top gamescom Academy hallways the first
real level of this game and right here
after
after this group of skeletons out of
here which please wants just some reason
our skilled when we're working
but I fill this one that one
p and if you ever have to use only the
thief and if you just pretty much
rapidly fire your arrows you can make
them retaliate or like get knocked back
enough but it won't
against you and it's a lot easier when
you have multiple items like 23 but I
always like these in the night and for
that guy just knock them down if you can
or kill them whatever way you see you
see fit for the first chest you just
need to sit on here and move on over to
the left and this item is a five percent
health increase which I give right away
to the night once you get an item if you
press back on the PlayStation 3
controller I don't know what the other
one or select I don't know what it is
for the computer you can open up this
screen which is the level up screen
which allows you to move around items
and want to level up with points each
level up you gain one point and you can
prove that to your upgrade your sword
upgrade your phone I'll parade how many
boxes you can put down and every person
gets one point per level up I said that
in kind of
treating myself but anywhere right here
is a little bit interesting you can
either go under it or you can wrap up on
this and wait for the thief to stop
swinging violently and then rifle on
over here right here there's an
achievement you can get which is grapple
grapple five times in the same direction
and I got it once actually i don't think
i have it on this file but I got it once
a while ago and it's a little bit harder
to get the new to match in but right
here i leveled up and i added one point
to the Wizards so I can put down two
more boxes and one point to the night so
I can have a more powerful sword once
you get your sword to level three get
this fire sword which is a really good
sword that goes a lot of damage we're
looking for hidden things like
experience lamps or potions or whatever
you want to call them and chest just
pretty much look everywhere going every
corner this game loves the height
experience or under you or behind boxes
or in places you've probably been much
before and in every level of trying
there will be a spot kind of like this
where it's just amazing
right here this looks completely amazing
this graphics on this paper so good for
being a side spoiler and even though the
game does have a couple of problems like
the combat system I think could have an
upgrade or be patched or something but
this game is just a really great game
and what those of you wondering you get
it off of steam and the PlayStation
Network for around twenty dollars I
don't know if it'll ever be available
for xbox live it took the creator's so
long because on PlayStation Network I
don't know if X much level ever happen
all right here is a really weird part
you need to kind of jump on this part
with the wizard and then move it up and
then jump on it is coming over so you
can get to either side and I would go to
the left person can get the two
experienced laps and then move it again
to the right and that might happen once
or twice you might fall down that part
was just really annoying it took me so
long the pats lat first time i played it
again not really one of the better
things made in this game but a words so
then there will be a couple of skeletons
that will try to kill you and then use
the wizard to move this down if you want
or you can make two boxes if you have
one hold up already and then just kill
these scallops and the lows to took me
completely by surprise I was not paying
attention not notice them so i got a
components there that could have been
easily avoided and i don't think there
are achievements for completing a whole
level without getting hit there might be
I guess are not achievements it's so
which people are gonna yell out before I
just know it but I don't know if there's
any trophies for doing a whole level for
being completely hid Ivan I don't really
play these games for the trophies i
played them just because of fun so right
here is the second chess in the level
and just killed with skeleton which I
thought is going to attack me but he
kept jumping up and down so I decided to
attack him all right here if you want to
finish level just grapple on over under
that bridge but if you want to get a
second chest you need to get up on this
moving whatever and it's moving plank
and then move the kind of move this over
so you can shoot down the rope so this
will knock down a bridge and you can get
the chest but before you open the chest
kill the two skeletons that come down
and this chest has a five percent
increase for runner for the energy
before he was using it and I gave it to
the wizard for now but eventually i'll
be giving it to the feet and after you
grapple on over to the other side and
kill i think one more skeleton you may
not have to you will be done with the
first level in shrine
I